A completely different aspect that HTTP2 tackles is security.
E-commerce has become the norm and so has handling
sensitive data like credit cards and contracts.
It's fair to call it gross negligence if websites handle this kind of data without TLS.
That's why TLS is a required part of the specification for HTTP2.
There is an unencrypted version of HTTP2,
but all major browsers have opted out of supporting it.
We've talked about TLS before and you'll be glad to hear
that nothing's changed when using TLS with HTTP2.
But how does HTTP2 solve the other problems?
How does it resolve head of line blocking?
And how does header compression work in HTTP2?
Let's find out.